Add best practices for managing content (#3004)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_best-practices-for-products-and-repositories.adoc

[id="best-practices-for-products-and-repositories_{context}"]
= Best practices for products and repositories

> * Use one content type per product and content view, for example {client-content-type} content only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use one content type per product and content view, for example, {client-content-type} content only.
```

* Use file repositories for installation media.
File repositories require a `PULP_MANIFEST` file that you can create using `pulp-manifest /path/to/files`.

> Use local repositories with `\file:///path/to/files` as *Upstream URL* in {Project}, for example for installation media.

Reviewer 2: IMHO local file repositories are a worst practice, not a best practice. They're only good for one time imports. We're heading to a networked world and if we look ahead, then we see highly available deployments (often asked for by customers). Then local repositories are a nightmare. I also have a hard time seeing how they're work in container based deployments such as Kubernetes/OpenShift.

Your alternative is IMHO more of a best practice.

Author: Using synced content does not work for various non-RHEL operating systems. I suggest to make it "orcharhino-only" until this changes. Would that be OK for everyone?

Author: Set to "orcharhino only".

> Use local repositories with `\file:///path/to/files` as *Upstream URL* in {Project}, for example for installation media.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use local repositories with `\file:///path/to/files` as *Upstream URL* in {Project}, for example, for installation media.
```

Author: Fixed.

> Alternatively, place the installation media file repositories on a web server that can be reached from hosts during provisioning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, place the installation media file repositories on a web server that is accessible to the hosts during provisioning.
```

Author: Applied.

+
include::snip_tip-file-repositories-by-atix.adoc[]
endif::[]
+
For more information, see xref:Managing_Custom_File_Type_Content_{context}[].
* Make file repositories available over HTTP.
If you set *Protected* to true, you can only download content using a global debugging certificate.

> * Use a Hammer script or Ansible Playbook to create a lot of products and repositories when starting with a fresh {Project} installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use a Hammer script or Ansible Playbook to create a lot of products and repositories when starting with a fresh {Project} installation.
See the link:https://theforeman.github.io/foreman-ansible-modules/develop/plugins/product_module.html#ansible-collections-theforeman-foreman-product-module[product module] and the link:https://theforeman.github.io/foreman-ansible-modules/develop/plugins/repository_module.html#ansible-collections-theforeman-foreman-repository-module[repository module] in the Foreman Ansible collection.
```

Reviewer 2: If we're going to link to our Ansible modules, an attribute for the base URL would have my preference.

Reviewer: Fine with me. Also a lot less work because we can add the same link (or snippet) to each module.

Author: Applied.

ifdef::katello,satellite,red_hat_enterprise_linux[]
* For Red Hat content, import your Red Hat manifest into {Project}.
For more information, see xref:Managing_Red_Hat_Subscriptions_{context}[].
endif::[]
ifdef::katello,suse_linux_enterprise_server[]
* For SUSE content, use the SCC Manager plugin.
For more information, see xref:Managing_SUSE_Content_{context}[].
endif::[]
* Avoid uploading content to repositories with an *Upstream URL*.
Instead, create a repository to synchronize content and upload content to without setting an *Upstream URL*.
+

> If you upload content to a repository that already synchronizes another repository, there might be unwanted side effects depending on the mirroring policy and content type.

Reviewer: I am guessing that this is what might happen.

```suggestion
If you upload content to a repository that already synchronizes another repository, the content might be over-written, depending on the mirroring policy and content type.
```

Author: Applied with "overwritten".
